windows/README.for_reinstall_windows_agilecontent.md, before:

﻿Need backups of:

- C:\Users\neiesc\.ssh
- C:\Users\neiesc\Downloads
- C:\Users\neiesc\.bash_history
- C:\Users\neiesc\.npmrc
- C:\Users\neiesc\.wakatime.cfg
- Backup de alguns coisas da pasta Dev (git) (As vezes não precisa)
- Backup tabs on chrome and firefox.

For install new Windows:

- Restore backup from USB
- git clone git@github.com:neiesc/dotfiles.git
- For fix eth disconect update de drive (C:\Users\neiesc\Dropbox\Dispositivos\Jobs\AgileCotent\Acer Aspire V3-571-9423\Ethernet_win_b57_x64-17.2.0.2.rar)
- Set ip eth (ipconfig_eth.png)
- Configure API Key WakaTime.
- Permission for hyper.js and Visual Studio 2017 as adiministrator (shortcut > properties > Advanced... > Run as administrator).
- The install of dotnet3.5 was NOT successful.
- choco install -y mssqlservermanagementstudio2014express --cache-location=C:\tmp (Com erro instalando https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/ssms/download-sql-server-management-studio-ssms?view=sql-server-2017)
- Copy "C:\Program Files (x86)\MSBuild\Microsoft\WiX\v3.x" to "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\BuildTools\MSBuild\Microsoft\WiX\v3.x"
- Create shortcut C:\ProgramData\chocolatey\lib\sysinternals\tools for C:\tools
- tela-inicial-windows.png
- Remove backup from USB

Commit message:

Add .my_nuget.cfg in backup step

windows/README.for_reinstall_windows_agilecontent.md, after:

﻿Need backups of:

- C:\Users\neiesc\.ssh
- C:\Users\neiesc\Downloads
- C:\Users\neiesc\.bash_history
- C:\Users\neiesc\.my_nuget.cfg # For use in `psake setup`
- C:\Users\neiesc\.npmrc
- C:\Users\neiesc\.wakatime.cfg
- Backup de alguns coisas da pasta Dev (git) (As vezes não precisa)
- Backup tabs on chrome and firefox.

For install new Windows:

- Restore backup from USB
- git clone git@github.com:neiesc/dotfiles.git
- For fix eth disconect update de drive (C:\Users\neiesc\Dropbox\Dispositivos\Jobs\AgileCotent\Acer Aspire V3-571-9423\Ethernet_win_b57_x64-17.2.0.2.rar)
- Set ip eth (ipconfig_eth.png)
- Configure API Key WakaTime.
- Permission for hyper.js and Visual Studio 2017 as adiministrator (shortcut > properties > Advanced... > Run as administrator).
- The install of dotnet3.5 was NOT successful.
- choco install -y mssqlservermanagementstudio2014express --cache-location=C:\tmp (Com erro instalando https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/ssms/download-sql-server-management-studio-ssms?view=sql-server-2017)
- Copy "C:\Program Files (x86)\MSBuild\Microsoft\WiX\v3.x" to "C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2017\BuildTools\MSBuild\Microsoft\WiX\v3.x"
- Create shortcut C:\ProgramData\chocolatey\lib\sysinternals\tools for C:\tools
- tela-inicial-windows.png
- Remove backup from USB
